TW 236: add UI config variables (#1902)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/references/web-ui-configuration.md

  passAccessToken: false
```

## disableWriteActions

Prevents the user from executing Workflow Actions on the Web UI.

This option affects Bulk Actions for Recent Workflows as well as Workflow Actions on the Workflow Details page.

```yaml
disableWriteActions: false
```

:::note
`disableWriteActions` overrides the configuration values of each individual Workflow Action.

> Setting this variable to `true` will disable all Workflow Actions on the Web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this variable to `true` disables all Workflow Actions on the Web UI.
```

:::

## workflowTerminatedDisabled

Prevents the user from terminating Workflow Executions from the Web UI.

```yaml
workflowTerminatedDisabled: false
```

## workflowCancelDisabled

Prevents the user from canceling Workflow Executions from the Web UI.

```yaml
workflowCancelDisabled: false
```

## workflowSignalDisabled

> When enabled, prevents the Workflow from sending or receiving Signals from the Web UI.

Reviewer 2: I think we can just change this to: `Prevents the user from Signaling workflows from the Web UI.` to keep it more similar to the others.
